Ignore reference versions in helm template validation (#492)
giantswarm/architect: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Chagned
> 
> - Ignore reference versions in `helm template` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed

- Fix `helm template` rendering for reference versions in.
```
